# Branch Fest Management
Brach fest management system is used to manage all the activity related to event. In any event many students work simultaneously and it is very hard to manage these events. It is also important for event organizer that he has all the contacts details of their participants so that he can contact them any time if required. The purpose of this project is to automate the registration process and billing system during fest and managing the participation in various events individually by event coordinators. Generation of various reports and alerting the participants during the fest, thus maintaining a complete database and records.
The aim is to automate its existing manual system by the help of computerized equipment and fulfilling their requirements, so that their valuable data/information can be stored for a longer period with easy accessing and manipulation of the same.<br/><br/>
This project is implemented using Node.js and front end tools like HTML, CSS and JS. Interface to the program is provided with the help of MySQL database and Node.js is used to connect the database to the server.<br/> 
Node.js is designed to build scalable network applications. Node.js is an open-souce, cross-platform, back-end JavaScript runtime environment that executes JavaScript code outside a web browser. <br/><br/>
In this whole project we have drop the idea of old manual database system by digital system. In new system we utilize the resources and avoid mess in handling the database.<br>
Hence, improving the system digitally in every possible way.
